Hello, everybody.
Tonight, we make stuffed pepper.
Nice time for the pepper.
And I got over here eight peppers
I'll boil for two minutes, like this,
it stays nice standing up.
I got pecorino cheese.
I got one cup of rice.
It's arborio rice
I got a pound and a half of pork.
It's shoulder pork.
I got my homemade sauce.
I got marjoran over here.
I got some fresh garlic from my garden.
I got one onion,
and fresh parsley from my garden.
Okay, we gotta start to chop the onion, garlic,
and I wanna start to fry.
Okay, now we start with a little oil,
I wanna saute the garlic, and the onion.
I got it right over here.
It gives good taste for the stock I gotta make.
I mix it together with the rise, and the meat.
Okay, now the onions are ready.
They don't gotta be burned.
I want 'em nice white like this.
And we put it right over here together with a meat.
And now I give it a little mix.
Everybody likes lot of garlic and onion, especially me.
I like a lot garlic.
And now we gotta put in all the rest of the stuff,
then mix together.
Okay?
Now this parsley, I got so many parsleys.
I cover it every night, 'cause at nighttime it's cold.
I got parsley all year long.
Okay, now we put in the parsley.
I got over here the marjoran.
I got the salt
I put one, and two big spoonsfull of salt.
Little spoon, okay, black pepper.
I got my pecorino cheese.
I got my rice over here.
And we start like this.
The rice has boiled already.
Okay, now I gotta pour my sauce.
Now if I need more rice after, I can put more rice.
It's enough for now.
I washed my hands already.
I wanna mix this by hand.
This in Italy, we do a lot of pepper
This in Italy (speaking in Italian).
Okay, I can put a little bit more ice.
Okay, we mix 'em up.
(whistling)
Now it's time to taste.
Everybody says, "Pasquale, don't taste like this.
"This is raw meat."
Forget about it.
I've eaten so much meat.
In Italy when we were killing the pig,
we would say like this (speaking Italian.)
"The pig you warm up a little bit," we say, "and you eat."
A little salt, baby.
Yeah, I need one spoon, good.
Now a little mix.
You gotta taste.
If you don't taste after you cook,
when you serve the people, they'll say, "It's got no salt,"
or, "It's too much salt."
Like this, you gotta taste.
Okay, now I finish this.
Okay, now we start with the spots,
and I'll pour the sauce out of the bottom.
Make sure the sauce goes everyplace.
Good.
Okay, now I got a question of everybody.
What's the male?
What's the female?
Now this over here, it's got four chick,
and this, it's got a three chick.
Now I wanna know, does somebody know,
what is the male, and what is the female?
It's a question.
Ah, I know, but I want everybody to know this.
Now let's start the stock.
And make sure they clean up really good.
Look, you see, take all the seeds out.
Lot of times, the pepper,
it's got some bugs too inside, okay?
Make sure to clean them out good.
Okay, now I wanna finish with everything,
and after, I show you the last step.
Okay, now it's time the put the hat, cappaluce.
Okay, we started with this one.
Nice.
Now I put this on the top like this,
and it covers everything, and won't burn.
Now this has gotta cook for one hour.
Okay, 'cause the meat, it's raw.
It's gotta cook for one hour.
I got 400 degree.
Okay
Good.
Okay, it's one hour.
The pepper with the garlic.
Oh, it's really hot.
Wow.
Okay, look how nice it looks.
I wanna take it out.
Maybe this one.
They look nice.
Mmmm.
Ooh, it's really hot.
A little sauce.
My wine's gotta be ready to go.
Now, let's cut.
Look beautiful.
Hmm.
It's really, really good.
It taste like in Italy.
When I was in Italy, we would make this,
and the pepper is perfectly cooked.
I wanna say to everybody, salute, ching ching,
with a nice glass of wine.
Thank you very much everybody.
Salute, and ching ching.